    (Rock paper scissors)
    
    Rock paper scissors (also known by other orderings of the three items, with "rock" sometimes being called "stone", is a hand game, 
    usually played between two people, in which each player simultaneously forms one of three shapes with an outstretched hand. 
    These shapes are "rock" (a closed fist), "paper" (a flat hand), and "scissors" (a fist with the index finger and middle finger extended, forming a V). 
    "Scissors" is identical to the two-fingered V sign (also indicating "victory" or "peace") except that it is pointed 
    horizontally instead of being held upright in the air.
    A simultaneous, zero-sum game, it has only two possible outcomes: a draw, or a win for one player and a loss for the other.
    A player who decides to play rock will beat another player who has chosen scissors ("rock crushes scissors" or sometimes "blunts scissors"[4]),
    but will lose to one who has played paper ("paper covers rock"); a play of paper will lose to a play of scissors ("scissors cuts paper"). 
    If both players choose the same shape, the game is tied and is usually immediately replayed to break the tie.
    The type of game originated in China and spread with increased contact with East Asia, while developing different variants in signs over time. 




سنگ کاغذ قیچی یک بازی دونفره چینی است که توسط دست بازیکنان انجام می‌گیرد.
این بازی معمولاً به عنوان روشی برای انتخاب کردن در ابتدای بازی‌های دیگر به کار گرفته می‌شود. 
این کاربرد بسیار شبیه پرتاب سکه برای انتخاب یک فرد خاص برای نقشی خاص در یک بازی است
دو بازیکن هر دو با هم شروع به شمردن تا سه می‌کنند. این شمارش لزوماً با شمردن اعداد نیست بلکه معمولاً 
با گفتن سه واژهٔ سنگ و قیچی و کاغذ انجام می‌پذیرد.
در انتهای شمارش دست خود را که به حالت مشت بالا نگه داشته‌اند پایین آورده و به یکی از سه حالت مجاز درمی‌آورند.
در نهایت بازیکن برنده بر اساس قوانینی که برتر هر یک از حالت‌ها بر حالت دیگر را معلوم می‌کنند، مشخص می‌شود. 
در صورت همسان بودن حالت‌های دست این عمل تا پیروزی یکی بر دیگری ادامه پیدا می‌کند
قوانین پیروزی:

    سنگ قیچی را می‌شکند. (برنده سنگ)
    قیچی کاغذ را می‌برد. (برنده قیچی)
    کاغذ سنگ را می‌پوشاند. (برنده کاغذ)
    
    


 
